Today being a Saturday, the devil on my shoulder wants me to just relax, go for a ride on my bike or do some self maintenance items and the responsible angel on my other shoulder is shouting at me to practice coding and line up companies to reach out to once I graduate from the NYC Data Science Academy as a certified Data Scientist. No matter how strong devil's will is, my will is stronger and I'm staying home today to go through my to-do list which has piles of to-do items I listed for myself (call it being organized or shooting myself in the foot with more stuff than I can handle realistically). 

I'm always up for a challange and find pleasure in pushing what I can do with dreamy ideas. LinkedIn company culture explains this really well with the hashtag #moonshot. LinkedIn wants people who will push boundaries, who will dream big, make plans to get to those dreams and then achieve those dreams. That's pretty cool.

Sometimes going for a moonshot creates challenges as I frequently find myself operating out of the norms, but I enjoy this pressure. Once thing I can't stand really is doing what everyone is doing according to the book. My (tiny bit) rebellious personality just doesn't accept it. The way I look at it, I need to be a leader and push boundaries to expand my knowledge. I always need to try new things. 

To give you an example, in our machine learning project, we did our usual data cleaning, feature creation etc.. and it came down to modeling. Now, there are a lot of models accepted by the industry that provide great results, which is awesome and I feel lucky that there are already works of others that I can utilize in my own work. But that's the thing. They're available to use. There are resources around it. So in return what this means is that even though they're proven methods to utilize, they're there, available for me to take any time I want. I see what's available as my safety net. I'm interested in what's not available. So, putting my curious data scientist cap on, I started looking into new frameworks/models that I can use which brought me to couple new frameworks I can use (will talk about these in my machine learning blog later). These models didn't provide the results I was looking for since I didn't have too much time to work on them, but regardless, they were great learning experiences. I'm hoping to work on them further and add them to my arsenal. Who knows, an employer who will hire me can gain from this curiosity and the learning that comes as a result.

Drop me a line if you're that employer who values cruiosity and creativity!