Allright! As part of a small group, I'll be working for a super cool fashion startup called "Finery", for this project. We're tasked with scraping specific data from customer emails that Finery has access to and then combine it with the data Finery will be giving us access to. And then, we'll use that data to build a recommender system which is great news because I wanted to build a recommender system since I learned that what Amazon was showing me on a daily basis is actually the doing of a recommender system. Another cool fact is that before even I graduate, I will be getting my hands on a dataset from a real company! 

As you may have read from my previous post (you read it, didn't you???), I had other projects I wanted to do as my capstone project, but they didn't work out. The good news is that both of the projects will still happen after I graduate which is in 3 weeks (I can start my job on April 1st... This is not a early April Fools joke.. I can definitely start on April 1st ;) ), so I'm very excited to have truly great and impactful projects in my project funnel. 

Speaking of projects, I also want to do something for motorcycle world. This may be a price prediction/recommendation app, or could be something related to motorycle parts. I know of a website where I can get every single part catalogue of Ducati as pdf files, which means, I'll need to scrape them and get the data myself - interesting challenge! - Probably sounds easy for a seasoned professional like yourself. At that point, I'll probably look at parts that are common for different families of motorcycles. Another project could be around "Repair Recommendation". User describes the problem he/she's going through in a text box, and AI would understand the problem, and propose a solution. I think I like this idea. For this project, I immediately thought about scraping the most famous motorcycle forums. This will be a long project!

I've been waiting for the internet to come back up while writing this post. It's still not working!

And now I just thought of another idea. I was thinking to myself, there are so many topics to write about. If it's about living, it's easy, I have plenty of stories to tell and things to share. But, I'm a data scientist! Data science is my jam and I read about it very frequently. Which means, I should have a lot to write about, and which I do. But what about, automating the writing? There are a lof of really good authors who write about data science, and I can probably scrape their writings every day automatically, and then summarize their writings in a pdf file in my computer as my morning newspaper. I of course thought about posting these summaries (and giving credit to the authors), but I wouldn't be able to do that in good conscious. The authors are artists who spend time creating the content and educating new players in the market like me. Now, there are authors, who basically copy the content of others, while giving credit & providing a link to the original article. Doesn't sound too cool and maybe even lazy. But, the reality is, the more content out there, the more likely I will read it. I don't feel it's black or white... Sounds like a grayish area. Not 100% sure. 

I think I'm going to think about all this I wrote about further. Will post updates as they come!
